Big brother Jiang Fan saved me, I owe him my life
You let them stay
It's already a fucking life
What other supplies are you sending?
You have to do something.
They won't be here long
After finding the supplies
They go to the lab and make the serum
When the time comes to lift the virus mutation
recovery event
We wouldn't be hanging around like this.
Alive here
So I have to help him.
Can help you
Half of the supplies will be divided into you.
But you can't let the underlings know about this.
Leave the supplies to us, you can rest early.
We'll be right back
Then you pay attention to safety
OK
Ah!
Don't be afraid, I'll go out and have a look.
See how coquettish people are
Oh explain
It's me it's me
Liu Wei
Weren't you in your room just now?
I ran out after the power went out haha